Whats new in EF9 docs (#4823)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/what-is-new/ef-core-9.0/breaking-changes.md

Make sure the `argumentsPropagateNullability` has same number of elements as the `arguments`. When in doubt use `false` for nullability argument.

<a name="nullable-tostring"></a>

> ### `ToString()` method now returns empty string for arguments with `null` values

Reviewer: Technically we're not talking about arguments to `ToString()` here, but rather the instance (so change below as well?)

```suggestion
### `ToString()` method now returns empty string for `null` instances
```

[Tracking Issue #33941](https://github.com/dotnet/efcore/issues/33941)

#### Old behavior

Previously EF returned inconsistent results for the `ToString()` method when the argument value was `null`. E.g. `ToString()` on `bool?` property with `null` value returned `null`, but for non-property `bool?` expressions whose value was `null` it returned `True`. The behavior was also incosistent for other data types, e.g. `ToString()` on `null` value enum returned empty string.

#### New behavior

> Starting with EF Core 9.0, `ToString()` method now consistently returns empty string in all cases when the argument value is `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with EF Core 9.0, the `ToString()` method now consistently returns empty string in all cases when the argument value is `null`.
```

#### Why

> Old behavior was inconsistent across different data types and situations, as well as not aligned with the [C# behavior](/dotnet/api/system.nullable-1.tostring#returns).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The old behavior was inconsistent across different data types and situations, as well as not aligned with the [C# behavior](/dotnet/api/system.nullable-1.tostring#returns).
```

#### Mitigations

> If you want old behavior you can rewrite the query accordingly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To revert to the old behavior, rewrite the query accordingly:
```
